Which duties are the responsibility of a company that is using AWS Lambda? (Choose two.)
A. Security inside of code
B. Selection of CPU resources
C. Patching of operating system
D. Writing and updating of code
E. Security of underlying infrastructure
Answer: A,D

A company wants to migrate a critical application to AWS. The application has a short runtime. The application is invoked by changes in data or by shifts in system state. The company needs a compute solution that maximizes operational efficiency and minimizes the cost of running the application. Which AWS solution should the company use to meet these requirements?
A. Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances
B. AWS Lambda
C. Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances
D. Amazon EC2 Spot Instances
Answer: B

Which architecture design principle describes the need to isolate failures between dependent components in the AWS Cloud?
A. Use a monolithic design.
B. Design for automation.
C. Design for single points of failure.
D. Loosely couple components.
Answer: D

A company needs to simultaneously process hundreds of requests from different users. Which combination of AWS services should the company use to build an operationally efficient solution?
A. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) and AWS Lambda
B. AWS Data Pipeline and Amazon EC2
C. Amazon Kinesis and Amazon Athena
D. AWS Amplify and AWS AppSync
Correct Answer: A

Under the AWS shared responsibility model, which task is the customer's responsibility when managing AWS Lambda functions?
A. Creating versions of Lambda functions 
B. Maintaining server and operating systems
C. Scaling Lambda resources according to demand
D. Updating the Lambda runtime environment
Answer: A

What is a benefit of using AWS serverless computing?
A. Application deployment and management are not required.
B. Application security will be fully managed by AWS.
C. Monitoring and logging are not needed.
D. Management of infrastructure is offloaded to AWS
Answer: D

Which of the following are characteristics of a serverless application that runs in the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)
A. Users must manually configure Amazon EC2 instances.
B. Users have a choice of operating systems.
C. The application has built-in fault tolerance.  
D. Users can run Amazon EC2 Spot Instances.
E. The application can scale based on demand
Answer: CE

